So we left off building a simple form for email and password.
But it looks like when we tried to put in any information inside of here we're not really getting anything.
And that's because we haven't implemented our handle change or handle submit.
So let's go implement that handle change function.
So we'll do here is use the experimental syntax but we don't have to do method binding in the constructor.
So instead of just making a function call handle change we're going to use aero functions.
So we can get the correct value of the key word this.
So I'll say this starts at c and inside we'll use a computer property name.
You can look at that.
Yes 20:15 computed property names.
Well the key is that target that name and the value is whatever you target that value was.
This is great.
So we can make a generic handle change for any of our inputs.
We type in here that looks good but when we type in you know password is also changing.
Let's go take a look at these inputs and let's make sure that the names are correct.
So if we look inside of e-mail we can see something is incorrect.
So we can spot it.
Let's first make sure that that has the type of password
so we see that even when we type that in something still missing.
Why is that the case.
Let's go take a look at these value props.
So what's the problem there.
We want to get rid of that value attribute for a password.
So if we type this in we see the second one that isn't changing.
And I just want to clear out this email in case there's any private data that you're seeing
so it looks like a copy and paste job done badly.
But we should be fixed right now.
So what happens if we're dealing with a different kind of form.
So we should be seeing some additional fields for image you r l and usery.
So inside of our means yes we're going to pass in another product called Sign-Up and we're going to
restructure that inside of our form so we can grab that sign up and here let's read a little bit of
conditional logic here we're simply going to say if there is that Propp of Zeina then let's go display
those two additional inputs inside of here.
We'll start with the divx.
Make sure we have that div..
Good.
And inside if you're going to grab those two inputs we're copying pasting a little bit dangerous but
make sure that our syntax is correct and a little bit each of these labels shouldn't be for an email.
This should be for a user name and a value the user name and that should be an ID to match up with the
HDMI for we don't want to value here.
We want it to be username we want a value to be for user name and instead of a password Albi image you
are looking at the text of a label for image you are all we want that idea to match up with the force
or make sure that the idea is image that you are all for the attribute.
We'll call that profile image you are.
And finally inside of retape we don't need that to be a password we'll just make sure that that's text.
So add a value attribute in case there are any errors and will pass in that profile image.
You are off.
Let's see this.
Let's go refresh the page.
And if you look at the Senate form we're actually getting e-mail password username and image you are
allowed to log in.
We don't see that.
That's great.
So inside of me.
Yes.
We just passed in a prop called Sign up and we checked to see any off or on if we don't have that don't
show those other two inputs.
Just the idea of displaying something if it's truthy so it doesn't of is true the display doesn't vote.
Otherwise don't.
So here we can add a little bit of conditional logic to show those inputs before we take a quick break.
Let's think about what our handle Samit function is going to look like.
We're going have to think about is how to correctly pass in the right function to dispatch and that's
going to be a little bit trickier.
So we want to think about is first inside of us what can we pass to each of these off form get the correct
function to sign up or sign in to do that.
We're going to start reading some actions and we'll do that in the next video.